kasargod *Land of gods: Hosting forts, wildlife sanctuaries, temples and magnificent hills, Kasaragod, land of gods, is uptown in all aspects. 
kannur *City of Looms and Lores.:Enduring monuments such as 16th-century St. Angelo Fort show the city’s significant role in the spice trade.
wayanad *green paradise:Replete with waterfalls, historical caves, Wayanad in Kerala is famous for its spice plantations and wildlife. 
kozhikode *City of Spices:It was a significant spice trade center and is close to Kappad Beach, where Vasco da Gama landed in 1498.
malappuram *City of Hills: It is the most populous district of Kerala, which is home to around 13% of the total population of the state.
palakkad * rice bowl of Kerala.:Palakkad District, in the southeastern part of the former Malabar district. Palakkad is the gateway to Kerala.
thrissur *Cultural capital of Kerala :It's known for sacred sites and colorful festivals. In the center is Vadakkumnathan Temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva.
ernakulam *Financial capital of kerala:Dotted with an array of historical landmarks, Ernakulam is a primal destination to revisit and rewind history.
idukki *Spice Garden of Kerala:Idukki district has Anamudi mountain towers where the rare Neelakurinji blooms every 12 years.
kottayam *City of letters:The district is bordered by hills in the east, and the Vembanad Lake and paddy fields of Kuttanad on the west.
alappuzha:The Backwaters of Alappuzha is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Kerala which attracts tourists.
pathanamthitta * Headquarters of Pilgrimage Tourism:Pathanamthitta is a fast growing town situated in the Central Travancore region in the state of Kerala
kollam *Cashew Capital of the World:It’s known as a trade hub and for its beaches, like lively Kollam and secluded Thirumullavaram.
trivandrum *The Royal City of Kerala :Capital of Kerala, It's distinguished by its British colonial architecture and art galleries.

Alappuzha
1.houseboats :Cruising on houseboats in Alleppey is the best addition to enjoy natural beauty.
2.Alappuzha Beach: The pier, which extends into the sea here, is over 137 years old.
3.Vembannad lake: Vembanad Lake is the longest lake in India.
4.Krishnapuram Palace: It is crafted in traditional Kerala architectural style.

Idukki
1.Hill View Park: Spectacular views of the Cheruthoni and Idukki Dams.
2.Anakara: A small village in the Idukki district, Anakarra is just about 50 sq. km in area.
3.Idukki Arch Dam: Built across the Kuravan and Kurathi hills at a height of about 550 feet.
4.Keezharkuthu Falls: Keezharkuthu Falls is ideal for rock climbing, mountaineering and camp tracking

Ernakulam
1.Ezhattumugham: It is known for its Thumboormozhi dam and oil palm plantation.
2.Paniyeli Poru:Paniyeli Poru is a spot in Ernakulam that has been a tourist attraction for years.
3.Fort Kochi: famous for the Chinese Fishing Nets, Dutch Cemetery, Synagogue and Churches.
4.Mattanchery Palace:The Mattancherry Palace is a Portuguese palace popularly known as the Dutch Palace

Kannur
1.Payyambalam Beach: Payyabalam beach is adorned with sparkling pearls of golden sand and foamy white waves of the Arabian Sea.
2.St.Angelo Fort: St Angelo's Fort is definitely one of the most popular and frequently visited attractions of Kannur.
3.Kannur Lighthouse: Kerala's first lighthouse ever and Kannur's only one.
4.Parassinikkadavu Snkae Park: Regarded as one of the finest snake sanctuaries of Asia.

Kasaragod
1.Ranipuram: gentle hills of Ranipuram in Kerala are famous for its trekking trail.
2.Malom Wildlife Sanctuary: A popular tourist attraction of Kanhagad region
3. Ananthapuram Lake temple:  It's a lovely temple surrounded by a lake.
4.Parappa Wildlife Sanctuary: blessed with nature's beauty and tranquility.

kollam
1.Thevally Palace: Thevally Palace is situated on the banks of Ashtamude Lake. 
2.Jatayu Earth's centre: Built to promote mythology and adventure tourism
3.Punalur: The town's name translates into 'town of water'
4.Amritapuri: Amritapuri is the headquarters of Amma's worldwide mission

kottayam
1.Kottathavalam: A fascinating cave carved out of rock surface .
2.Illikal Kallu: Located at a height of 6000 ft above the sea level
3.Island of Pathiramanal:A beautiful natural abode to various species of birds.
4.Marmala Waterfalls: Marmala Waterfalls are popularly known as the ‘enchantress of the jungle’.

kozhikode
1.Beypore:an ancient port town in Kozhikode formerly called as Vaypur.
2.Thikkoti Light House:Said to be built on the remains of a shipwreck.
3.Thusharagiri Waterfalls: cascades down as three waterfalls
4.Kozhipara falls: ozhippara Falls are situated on the borders of Kakkadampoyil

malappuram
1.Bharathapuzha River:Bharathapuzha River is also called River Nila.
2.Nilambur Teak Museum:Nilambur Teak Museum is the first teak museum in the country.
3.Kottakunnu: Its beauty is often compared with the picturesque Marine Drive in Mumbai
4.Kadalundi Bird Sanctuary: this sanctuary is home to over a hundred species of native birds.

Palakkad
1. Silent Valley national park: with its lush green forests and beautiful views of the rich flora
2.Palakkad Fort: a beautiful historical monument that has gently integrated its high walls with its surrounding green gardens.
3. Ottapalam:  Ottapalam is a scenic town in Pallakad, also known as the 'land of palm trees'.
4.Mangalam Dam: built on a tributary of River Mangalam and River Cherukunnapuzha

Pathanamthitta
1. .
2.Gavi: heaven on Earth, quite literally
3. Thriveni Sangamam: famous for the meeting point of the three rivers. 
4. Konni Forest Reserve: considered to be the equivalent to an elephant's cage.

Thrissur
1.Athirappally Falls: Athirapally Falls is a haven for flora and fauna alike.
2.Vadakumnathan Temple:Preserved by the Archeological Department.
3.Vazhachall falls: good place to relax with friends and family
4. Peechi Dam: Peechi Dam was built in the year 1959 by E. Ikkanda Warrier

trivandrum
1. Neyyar Dam nad Wildlife Sanctuary:Famous for its Lion and Deer Safari.
2.Padmanabhaswamy temple: Embellished in gold-plated covering.
3.Poovar island: a small coastal village along the natural harbour at Vizhinjam.
4.Agasthyakoodam: The peak features a life sized statue of Lord Agastya.

Wayanad
1.Banasura Sagar Dam: Banasura Dam is the largest earthen dam in the country.
2.Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary:  second largest wildlife sanctuary in Kerala.
3.Edakkal caves: Famous for its exquisite rock and wall carvings
4.Kuruva Dweep: Situated on the tributaries of river Kabani .